3A-2
1. One such scenario could be where all servers' leader election timeouts occur at the same time (i.e. the adversary causes rand to give the same random timeout multiplier) such that if all servers connect to the net at the same time, then they all time out at the same time and none of them will vote for each other because each of them has already voted for itself before it received the RequestVote RPCs from the others. Then, after the election timeout passes and no one is elected, the election timeouts are regenerated, but the adversary feeds the same rand to each server so they end up with the exact same timeout times again. This scenario would prevent a leader from ever being elected.

2. This is not a major concern because when we design Raft, we don't give control over rand to an adversary; rather, we assume that rand is truly randomly (or pseudorandomly) generated. Thus, even though a situation can still happen where a majority of servers can time out and start an election before receiving any RequestVote RPCs, thus preventing anyone from being elected that term, this becomes increasingly unlikely as time goes on and the randomness in the timeouts starts to compound. Functionally, it should never take more than a few elections for this probability to become so small that a successful election is nearly guaranteed.

ExtraCredit1
No, neither Pre-Vote nor CheckQuorum would help in this case. Both optimizations rely on having an initially elected leader (Pre-Vote happens when a leader is elected, but is constantly changing/isn't stable enough to make progress, and CheckQuorum happens when an already-elected leader steps down due to not receiving a quorum of AppendEntry replies), but in this case it is impossible to elect a leader in the first place!